Metadata-Version: 1.1
Name: sqlitemgr
Version: 1.2.1
Summary: A wrapper class for basic setup and management of an SQLite database.
Home-page: https://github.com/aescwork/sqlitemgr
Author: aescwork
Author-email: aescwork@protonmail.com
License: MIT
Description-Content-Type: UNKNOWN
Description: sqlitemgr
        =========
        
        sqlitemgr -- the SQLite Manager module -- is a wrapper class for basic management of an sqlite database and its
        tables.  It can be used to create and delete database files, tables, create and return a connection to a database file as 
        well as a cursor which is used for executing statements against an sqlite database.  
        
        It has two main purposes: 1. to encapsulate all of the basic database management actions in one class, and 2. to create
        tables with the option of not having to directly enter the structured query language necessary.  Specific methods for
        composing and executing sql statements can be chained together for creating tables (including specifying column names, data types
        and constraints) in an sqlite database.  
        
        There are also a few utility methods for managing data in and getting information about the tables.  These can get the
        number of tables in a database, get the number of rows in a table, or re-index a column which is used for storing numbers.
        
        This module was written as a companion to the sqliteminor module, whose functionality focuses on creating, reading, updating and deleting
        data in sqlite database columns.  
        
        Documentation for this package (generated by Sphinx) is located in the docs/ directory.  The main page of the documentation is the docs/index.html file.
        
Keywords: sqlitemgr sqlite development database sqlite3
Platform: UNKNOWN
Classifier: Development Status :: 5 - Production/Stable
Classifier: Intended Audience :: Developers
Classifier: Topic :: Database
Classifier: Topic :: Software Development :: Libraries :: Python Modules
Classifier: License :: OSI Approved :: MIT License
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 2.7
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 3.5
